CASMINST-7454: Fix broken links (#6313)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/configuration_management/Target_Ansible_Tasks_for_Image_Customization.md

Conditionals can also be applied to entire roles if desired \(see the external [apply Ansible conditionals to roles](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/user_guide/playbooks_conditionals.html#applying-when-to-roles-imports-and-includes)\).
In instances where the same playbook may be run in both modes, it is best practice to include a conditional on all parts of the playbook. This is best done by placing the conditional on an `include_*` statement.

> See [Write Ansible Code for CFS: Avoid repeated conditionals with `include_*`](Write_Ansible_Code_for_CFS.md#avoid-repeated-conditionals-with-include_) for more information on optimizing conditionals.

Reviewer: `avoid-repeated-conditionals-with-include` doesn't exist, so continue to use `reduce-wasted-time`.
```suggestion
See [Write Ansible Code for CFS: Reduce wasted time](Write_Ansible_Code_for_CFS.md#reduce-wasted-time) for more information on optimizing conditionals.
```

Author: Yup, thanks again for catching these. It made me aware of a problem in my hacked-together link verifier!

Fixing all of these up now...
